------------------------
Solutions to the puzzles
------------------------

#1 Watch your back

	The middle shadow (it has to be this one; the rest wouldn't have enough moves to get away afterwards) moves Northeast of the enemy leader.
	Another shadow backstabs from the Southeast hex.
	The first shadow moves North of the enemy leader.
	The remaining shadow backstabs from the Southern hex.
	The first shadow moves out of range of the other mages.

#2 Follow the leader

	Kill the grunt on village with the most experienced fighter using the southwestern hex; level into captain so it can lead the second fighter
	Kill the orcish warrior with the second fighter; level into captain so it can lead the archer
	Archer and ranger kill the leader.
	
#3 Let there be light

	Peasant attacks while the Mage of Light is adjacent to the peasant but not the enemy leader
	Mage of Light attacks
	Outlaw attacks with melee and dies because the mage is illuminating the leader
	Bowman finishes the leader
		
#4 Growloff's revenge

	Gwabbo slows Growloff while Cylanna is adjacent to both Gwabbo and Growloff, and Keshan is adjacent to Gwabbo (but not Growloff as that would end his move)
	Move Keshan up north so he can lead Inky
	Attack with Inky
	Cylanna finishes Growloff
	
#5 A skirmish with death
	
	*Solution 1 (this is the originally intended solution)

	The swordsman softens up the Banebow in the north so the Paladin leader can finish
	This clears the way for the assassin to skirmish directly north of the enemy leader
	Master of Arms moves to the other side of the Revenant on the village to provide backstab for the assassin
	The assassin backstabs the revenant to death
	Master of Arms moves to the village and attacks the leader, capturing the village and dying in the process
	Silver mage teleports to the village and finishes the leader
	
	*Solution 2 (thanks to Skeptical_troll!)
	
	The swordsman softens up the Banebow in the north so the Paladin leader can finish
	This clears the way for the assassin to skirmish directly north of the enemy leader
	This time the Master of Arms moves south of the leader so the assassin can backstab the leader
	The Master of Arms and Javelineer team up to kill the skeleton blocking the silver mage
	Silver mage finishes the leader
	
#6 The spoiled prince

	Move the mage of light directly south of the spectre and attack in melee (4 dmg)
	Range attack with the mage on the left for 6x3=18 damage.
	Melee attack with mage on the right which will kill the mage and heal the spectre to 17 HP
	Northern mage attacks for 5x3=15 damage.
	Hildrac finishes the spectre.
	
#7 Troll bridge

	-Turn 1:
	Attack the troll whelp with the goblin knight, which will level the enemy unit.
	Attack in melee with the Orcish Warrior, Grunt, and Goblin Rouser (leaves with 8 HP if the enemy is a troll, or 2 HP if it is a rocklobber.)
	Finish with the wolf rider and level to pillager.
	Move the direwolf leader to the village to heal.	
	-Turn 2:
	Slow the leader with the pillager.
	Attack in melee with your leader and the goblin spearman.